(both laughing)
(sighs loudly)
Oh, God.
We are good
at what we do, aren't we?
That we are.
If I had the energy, I would
totally high five you right now.
Ooh, yikes!
I missed 25 calls
and 46 e-mails!
I missed two Instagram likes
and an e-mail
from Michelle Obama.
"Dear Americans..."
Oh, this is serious.
We have to get out of this bed
and get back to our lives.
Yes, that we do.
Is that your hand on my breast?
Is that your breast
on my hand?
(both moaning)
♪ ♪
I can't believe you haven't
made one comment
about what's in my basket.
You notice anything unusual?
Lady deodorant.
Pink razors.
Is this a hint?
Because in some countries,
I'm too groomed.
No.
I'm in a mature
relationship,
so I'm maturely buying
chick crap
for Catherine to leave
at my apartment.
As opposed to the chick crap
that you use at your apartment?
All right, make your
little jokes, Amy Schumer.
Now, see, over the years,
women have wanted to leave
stuff like this at my apartment,
I've resisted.
Oh.
Catherine is different.
And this gesture
is my way of showing her.
No, you know what?
I am very happy for you.
This is big.
It almost justifies
you dragging me out here
to brag about your progress.
Someday when you're
in a relationship,
you'll get to experience
all this, too.
I am in a relationship.
Remember Craig,
the musician?
Craig, Cra...
I get all those Hollywood
white guys mixed up.
Oh, my...
That's the beauty
of Catherine.
She's diverse.
She looks like our country.
Remind why I agreed
to help you.
Oh, right, for
the free stuff.
(gasps)
Ooh!
Cough syrup with codeine.
Or as I like to call it--
codeine with cough syrup.
Are you allowed to-to
drink this in the store?
Mm-hmm.
I'll-I'll pay.
And here we are.
Yep.
It took a woman
like Catherine Sanders
to finally get Jimmy Martino
to buy his lady tampons.
Do they sell guns here?
Which ones do you think
she'd like?
Now, keep in mind she's a CEO,
so money is no object.
It's an important decision.
Could you draw me a picture
of what her vagina looks like?
Which way does it lean?
Well, left...
My God, you're actually
trying to answer that.
Oh, sorry.
These are
for my girlfriend.
Embarrassing, right?
You hear that?
I just said "girlfriend."
I suppose "boyfriend"
is gonna be next.
Ah, see it was.
Thank you.
(groans)
Edie, isn't this great?
Now that Mommy and Daddy
are a couple,
she can walk around naked.
I'm wearing a towel.
Yeah, but when you sat down...
Never mind.
Holy crap!
What the hell was that?
I just sneezed.
(high-pitched):
Achoo.
Achoo!
Oh, that's public
sneeze persona.
I guess I'm just getting
comfortable around you.
(chuckles)
You know what?
I love this, you know?
Even though we've known
each other for years,
there's still so much we get
to discover
about each other now.
If you're saying
you want us to keep
the door open
when we use the bathroom,
I'm way ahead of you.
Actually been waiting
for the right time
to ask you to stop that.
But you know what?
There is one very important part
of my life that you haven't
experienced yet.
You having disposable income?
Hey-o!
Just kidding.
We're equally poor.
No, I'm talking
about Friday movie night.
I've been doing it with my mom
ever since I was a kid,
but I never brought
a girl to it.
You're saying I can come
to movie night? Really?
Hell yeah.
It's the best.
It's a whole big tradition.
And let's just say it ain't
your mama's movie night.
Although it is
my mama's movie night.
Cool.
Should I bring popcorn?
Nah, just bring
your love of cinema
and adventure.
Popcorn, she says.
Wait, you've never borrowed
money from an employee?
Oh, it's the best.
They can't say no.
And they never have the
balls to ask for it back.
That sounds absolutely awful.
And I'm dying to try it.
Watch this.
Annelise, can I borrow...?
Not now, Jimmy, I'm busy.
It's okay.
I know where her purse is.
ANNELISE:
I'm moving it.
Close your eyes.
I have something for you.
Ooh, I hope you
didn't spend too much.
And you didn't.
Feminine products.
Wow, well, you really know
how to spoil a girl.
And I got you
a whole toiletry kit
that you can keep
at my apartment--
complete with
a Sonicare toothbrush,
charging as we speak.
That is really sweet.
It's a little weird,
but I love it.
Mwah.
(phone rings)
(groans)
My sister is a
world-class nightmare.
She was dropped
on her head
once and it's her
excuse for everything.
I'm sorry, I'm just
having a bad day.
I know exactly
what you need.
Stay right here, okay?
Ravi, Catherine's
having a bad day.
Our Catherine? What's wrong?
Is she okay?
I don't know, but you're
gonna make it all better
by making a killer plate
of cavatelli alla norcina
with black truffles, stat.
Oh, and everyone, I know I said
the most important meal you
ever made was for Mark Wahlberg.
Well, forget it.
It's for my girlfriend.
Okay, so listen,
I'm-I'm at dinner.
I got to go.
No, just some
guy I'm seeing.
"Just some guy I'm seeing"?
All right, people.
Prepare to be titillated.
I want your opinion
on my love life.
Oh, can it wait?
Edie thinks she's
cooking spaghetti.
It is literally the cutest thing
I've ever seen.
No, it can't wait.
Oh, that is
the cutest little thing.
Bam!
Thank you.
All right, Gerald,
get her out of here.
We have important things
to talk about.
Okay, people, give us a minute.
Inner circle stuff.
Okay, maybe we can
just get rid of one of them.
(whispers):
Doesn't matter who.
All right, so this is
about my girlfriend Catherine.
Wow, "girlfriend."
Did you hear that, Edie?
Not only did he
say "girlfriend,"
but he said it casually.
Don't alert
the tabloids yet, Edie.
Okay.
Last night,
she referred to me as
"just some guy she's seeing."
Why doesn't she see me
as her boyfriend?
I mean, I give her gifts.
We have a one-to-one
orgasm ratio.
Dad, stop.
Did you ever consider
that perhaps you don't see
yourself as a boyfriend?
Gerald, I don't have time
for your Chinese philosophy.
Maybe she's dating
someone better?
Like who, Victor-- God?
Or maybe she's aware
of your reputation.
Pillar of the community?
Lovable man slut
of the community.
Remember what comes up when
you make me Google you?
Dozens of Getty
Image photos of you
and young gorgeous women.
Maybe that's making her afraid
to get serious with you.
You know what?
You're right.
Yeah, maybe Catherine
thinks of me as a playboy.
That I'm too good for her.
I didn't say that last thing.
I know the one thing
that'll fix this.
You go online and replace
every woman
in a photo with you
with a really handsome guy.
No, no, Victor, don't do that.
Seriously, I'll be
very mad if you do that.
You know, honestly
if I were you, I would...
Gerald, before you
finish that sentence,
I want you to stop
and honestly ask yourself,
"Does this have anything to do
with Chinese philosophy?"
It doesn't.
But I think you might
think it does.
So... we're gonna go.
Say "peace out, Grandpa."
Peace out, Dampa.
Once again, Annelise is right.
Catherine thinks of me
as a player.
I'm gonna have to double down
on this boyfriend stuff.
Make her think
I'm in for the long haul,
and you know what?
I know just what to do.
That's my boss.
(chuckling)
Mmm, that's salty.
Not usable.
♪ ♪
You did tell her
the proceedings
start at 7:00, right?
Mom, it's 7:02.
Let's cut her some slack.
That's what
I did at 7:01.
(door opens)
I brought Tokyo Drift, bitches.
Let's watch.
Bu...
Uh, hey.
Look, I love that you're
so excited about this,
but it's not so simple.
Yeah, we have a well-established
movie selection process
that's actually more fun
than the movie.
Unless we go with
my first pick, Capote.
Veto.
Reverse veto.
Danny DeVito.
That's well played.
Um... okay.
This is... different.
All right.
So it's your turn, babe.
Now do you want
to make a pick or do you
want to pass
and bank one of your vetoes?
VANESSA:
Hmm...
I'd go with...
Happy Gilmore.
That's a great idea!
If it hadn't been
Veto Corleone'd last week.
Yeah.
Well, it's a long story.
But a great one. See...
I'll get it from context.
It's Mama's turn.
What about...
The Love Guru?
You're just trying
to burn one of my vetoes.
No, I want to watch
The Love Guru.
All right.
Let's watch
the famously-hated movie
that we only own because it was
in the DVD player
we bought off Craigslist.
Veto.
(laughs)
All right.
Not that this parliamentary
exercise is not a blast,
but we are going to watch
a movie tonight, right?
I don't know.
Maybe we should ask,
uh, Forrest Gump.
Ah! Can't watch it
for the next five years.
My plan all along!
Oh! All right.
I could use one of
my ricochets...
but I've only
got 90 left.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh...
Oh, don't act like
you like romcoms.
SARA:
Ah ha ha ha!
You don't know
what I'm gonna do!
(doorbells rings)
Coming!
Ooh, sexy.
Business on the outside,
naked body underneath.
Yes, that is how
clothing works.
So, I got the twist-off kind
so I could drink
while I waited in line to pay.
Okay.
My sister...
Uh-huh.
...has now somehow
turned my folks against me.
I mean, I gave her a job.
Mm.
Yeah, hold that thought,
because I have
a special treat for you.
Oh. Well, is it another
bottle of wine?
Because this one
is almost empty.
No, better than that.
And it's so messed up,
because my sister works for me.
Well, she did work for me,
until just recently...
May I present...
Marv, my doorman.
Marv, Catherine;
Catherine, Marv.
We met downstairs
when you were calling
your sister a whore.
Mm.
Yes. Nice to meet you.
Again.
Now, Marv, you've known me
for a while and, uh,
you've seen me date a number
of women, have you not?
Mm-hmm.
All sorts of women.
Blondes, brunettes;
25-year-olds,
28-year-olds;
twins, triplets...
JIMMY:
Right, right, right.
And what is the one thing
that none of 'em had?
Marv.
No. No, walk-in privileges
to my apartment.
Right? So, Marv,
as my witness,
I hereby give Catherine Sanders
permission to come and go
at her leisure.
No signing in, no buzzing up.
That is against
leasing company policy.
Right. Thanks, Marv.
So, what do you think, huh?
Are you surprised?
It's really
not necessary, Jimmy.
I can just get buzzed up
the normal way.
That would be a lot better
for me, leasing company-wise.
Uh, thanks, Marv.
Wait a minute.
I don't, I don't understand.
I don't see how you're not
jumping for joy over this.
I'm giving you the keys
to this castle.
It's a privilege that I didn't
even extend to Lucy Liu...
and yes, this is my subtle way
of telling you I dated Lucy Liu.
You are acting
like a child, Jimmy,
and if you haven't noticed,
I am already dealing
with one of those today.
What are you talking about?
Oh, my God,
you really don't know.
Why don't we just
get this out in the open?
You don't think
I'm boyfriend material, do you?
Are you?
Yes.
How does Marv not prove that?
Carting out your doorman?
You are unbelievable, Jimmy.
Yeah, and you're unappreciative.
You know how many women in this
town would love this privilege?
Then call them.
Oh!
Shh!
(phone ringing, groans)
And it's my sister,
for the billionth time.
(sighs)
You know what? I have to go.
Hey, Marv.
(ringing continues)
Maybe you could just
put Catherine's name
down on the sublease
so it'll all work out...
(drumroll)
(trumpeting)
GERALD:
All right.
It was a long process,
but once again,
the system has prevailed.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Regarding Henry.
VANESSA:
I don't get it.
Does anybody even
want to see this movie?
No.
But that's movie night.
I think it's getting
kind of late.
And even if it weren't,
I think I'm gonna hit the hay.
Nah. Are you sure?
Very sure.
Good night.
(sighs)
Tonight was about showing
this tradition that
I love to Vanessa
and she hated it.
What does that mean?
Are we just... incompatible?
Hey, movie night
ain't for everyone.
But good news,
now that she's gone,
Patriot Games
is back on the table.
Hah!
Far be it from me
to question you,
but why are you restocking
the oral hygiene aisle?
I'm returning all the things
I bought for Catherine.
We're done.
Okay, but you know
you can't return items
just by putting them
back the shelf.
Well, how else
do you do it?
Annelise usually
does it for me.
You have to wait in line,
talk to the manager,
show them the receipt,
give them the credit...
I'm not doing all that.
So why are you
and Catherine done?
Got in a fight.
And she said
she wanted to break up?
Well, not in so many words,
but that's usually
what happens with me.
We get in a fight, we break up
and we never talk again.
Every relationship has fights.
Craig and I once had
a huge yelling fight
over whether or not Tori
was on The Bachelor
for the right reasons.
Well, she wasn't, clearly.
Right?
Anyway, after I gave him
the silent treatment
for a couple of hours,
we came together like adults,
apologized, had crazy sex,
and moved on.
Tell me what
your fight was about.
I don't know.
She came over last night
and she got all worked up
about her sister or something.
But then I did
this great thing.
I had the doorman come in
and give her walk-in privileges.
Sort of a baller twist
on giving her my house key.
Wouldn't her name have
to be on the sublease?
Yeah, I know.
But the point is
that she got worked up,
she left and she said
I wasn't boyfriend material.
Well, what was the thing
with the sister?
Ah... ding, ding, ding.
So it sounds like Catherine
was having a personal problem
and she could've used
a little emotional support.
You know, the kind boyfriends
tend to give their girlfriends.
You think so?
Yes.
But I'm only
a board-certified therapist
who's always right.
You don't think
she moved on already?
(laughs)
It's been eight hours.
I would've moved on already.
Go talk to her.
I bet she's in her sweats
eating a pint of cookie dough
ice cream. Oh, by the way,
you're buying me a pint
of cookie dough ice cream.
What are you doing?
I'm not passing up free tampons.
And these are the good ones.
Oh, yeah, they are.
None of the blue
liquid gets through.
Well, it doesn't.
MAN: Yes! Yes!
Rip his junk off and use
it as a puppet, Roy!
It's so violent.
Hey.
Thanks for letting
us watch MMA here.
Hey, that's what couples
do for each other.
Yeah.
but I'm excited to find
something else
we can do together, yeah?
Maybe it's mixed
martial arts.
Mm.
(grunts)
Make him hemorrhage!
Make him die in his 40s!
Uh, is that allowed?
I love it when they cut to a
shot of his family watching.
Hey, you know what,
I mean, I feel a little weird
admitting this,
and I'm not hoping for it,
but if one of them dies,
it would be pretty exciting.
Hey, you actually
enjoy this, baby?
Yeah, I think I do.
I mean, you know
I love pro wrestling,
and I love those live
surgeries on Discovery.
It's kind of like
the best of both worlds.
All right, everyone,
place your bets.
Shanahan versus Wong.
(grunts)
You in, G?
Uh, I mean, I haven't, uh,
placed a bet in a while.
Not long enough
to forget the thrill.
Oh, my God, do you have
a gambling problem?
(laughing):
No.
No. Just a little online poker.
Oh.
Women's college basketball,
which, if you watch preseason,
is basically free money.
Yo, my man,
Money Mike.
Uh, what's the max wager?
You know what,
don't answer that.
Hey, I'm gonna get out of here.
Why don't you hide that?
That's probably best for me.
Hey, what time
is the main event?
Uh, don't
answer that.
Hi, Jimmy.
Hi. I just came by to tell you
that I borrowed
20 bucks from Ravi,
and I have no intention
of ever paying him back.
Catherine, you're amazing.
And I really like you,
and I know I was an idiot.
And, I'll tell you,
if you were anyone else,
I-I would have moved on by now,
but I don't want to.
And I don't think
you want to either.
Everything okay?
Or is this Ken doll
giving you a problem?
This is weird.
I guess so.
It's just that
usually when I have
a big fight with a guy,
that's how it goes.
Sounds like the beginning
of a beautiful threesome.
Listen, Rick,
I know I invited
you here,
but get out.
We haven't even
had sex yet.
I just inhaled
a pint of ice cream.
That really wasn't
gonna happen anyway.
I left my brother's
graduation for this?
I'm, um...
I'm gonna choose
to ignore all that.
He's an old friend.
Yours is bigger.
That's all I needed to hear.
Listen, I don't know what's
going on with your sister,
and that's a problem.
I mean, you needed
me to listen.
That seems like a
very reasonable thing
to expect from a guy who wants
to be called your boyfriend.
Well, it's also
pretty reasonable
that if a girl wants a guy
to help, she should ask.
I did feel this was
mostly your fault.
For two very successful people,
we are idiots
when it comes to relationships.
And what do we do now?
Kissing couldn't hurt.
Oh.
You know what?
I think we should
wait on that.
Did the horny guy who just left
kill the mood?
No, no. It's just
that I think that
what a boyfriend and girlfriend
are supposed to do now is cook
and sit on the couch and
talk and listen to ea...
Yeah. Well, the horny guy
did sort of kill it, too.
Come on. Now, tell me
about this horrible
sister of yours.
(knocking)
Ooh. Baby, you can't have that.
Baby, you can't have that.
EDIE:
My beer.
Hey, Vanessa, we need
to talk about something.
Your laptop was broken
before my cousins got here.
Fine. Money Mike broke it.
Fine. I broke it.
It's okay.
I got it all backed up
on my external hard drive.
(hissing inhale)
Money Mike broke that.
Fine. I broke that, too.
Let's... talk about that later.
Look... Vanessa,
I'm-I'm worried about us.
You know? I mean,
you didn't like my thing,
and I literally
can't do your thing ever.
We're two very different people.
Since when's that news?
I know, but it's just...
what's our relationship
gonna look like
if we can't do anything
together?
How will that work?
It just will.
Why aren't you worried
about this?
Gerald, nothing
about you and me should work.
Not helping.
We got pregnant
when we weren't even dating,
we both still live
with our families,
my grandmother
hates white people.
Since when do we
care about that stuff?
I love you.
Even during movie
night, I loved you.
I love you, too.
And we're still getting
to know each other, right?
We'll figure out tons of stuff
to do together.
Like, um...
do you like mini golf?
No. Do you like gun ranges?
No. Do you like road trips?
No. Do you like just shooting
guns in the desert?
No.
Oh.
Do you like...?
Kissing?
Yes.
My beer.
So, I caught my sister
looking at porn at work.
Oh.
And-and I told her
to stop, and she said no,
so I had to fire her.
Hmm.
I mean, filthy stuff.
Genres that I didn't
even know existed.
Really? Good thing
I don't work for you.
(laughs)
I'm just kidding.
I've got my own little
porn star right here.
Is that a romantic,
boyfriendy thing to say?
Uh-uh, not really.
(loud, indistinct chatter on TV)
Oh, want to watch
The Bachelorette? It's 8:00.
I dated her for
a hot minute.
Oh, she's cute.
Ooh, big Bill
O'Reilly, huh?
How about The
O'Reilly Factor?
Oh, no, you did not.
He was liberal in bed.
I love that
we're both funny.
(doorbell rings)
Been there.
Wait. No.
Coming!
Jimmy, this is
my security guard Brent.
Brent, this is Jimmy,
my boyfriend.
No need to buzz him up
from the gate.
He can drive on
whenever he wants.
Thank you.
You know, when I say we should
just cuddle and talk,
I completely forgot
about make-up sex.
Oh, right! It
slipped my mind, too.
Did you really sleep
with Bill O'Reilly?
Yours is bigger.
Ah. All I needed to hear.
(laughing)